When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keeping all your
work local?

A remote repository is very convenient when you need to be able to access the
repo from several different locations. In addition, when you are working with
other people on the same repo, it is by definition a remote repo for all of
them. Finally, it is impossible to share a local repo with the public, which is
what a remote repo (set to public) can achieve.

======

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Pulling changes manually is the better choice because it gives you control over
your local branch. Otherwise, you might be working on your local version, and
an automatic pull might cause merge conflicts, which would force you to review
and resolve these.

======

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you
use one instead of another?

Branches are used when you want to work on a new feature or fix a bug.
Repositories are cloned when you want to start contributing to a project. Forks
are clones on Github’s servers. They are useful when you either can’t be a
contributor to a project, or you have something different in mind with the
project compared to the project’s owner(s).

======

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

A benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote repo stored is
that you don't have to download the complete repo every time, just the delta.

======

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

Without using Git and Github, I would probably use another type of version
control system. If I also could not use this, then the alternatives are
Dropbox, Google Docs, or a server where you would ftp to. All these seem
horrible in comparison, because you lose so many useful features like branching
and merging, and having a list of commits to encapsulate logical changes.
